{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2577
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25080\viewh16140\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 To the Picis Team, \
\
\
\
This folder includes two of my writing samples: ALM_FinalProject.docx and Patient Daily Note.dita. \
\
ALM_FinalProject.docx is a Word document submitted as my final project for my Writing and Managing Technical Information course, the second course of my Middlesex Community College Technical Writing Certificate Program. I explain how Pfizer would benefit from the integration of MadCap Flare into the current documentation practices instead of the sole use of Microsoft Word. The course required the final project to be published in Microsoft Word, and the trial MadCap Flare license (to my knowledge) prohibits saving projects in the MadCap Flare file type without committing to a paid subscription. As an addendum note 5 months post the completion of this project, I still use Microsoft Word extensively and do not support the inherent replacement of the software. I understand its usefulness in many circumstances and support the synthesis of Word and another documentation tool. I am particularly enthusiastic about this role because MadCap Flare is one of my favorite documentation software solutions, and I would love to work in an environment that uses it on an everyday basis. \
\
Patient Daily Note.dita is a DITA file I created to document how to create a Patient Daily Note in the WebPT documentation interface. After interviewing an acquaintance, a second-year in their Doctor of Physical Therapy program, I wrote this procedure in XML Mind and used Snagit to create my own screen captures. The document is laid out in a straightforward ordered-list format; screen captures follow their step with a placement break, all set at a width of 900 pixels. The open source nature of XML Mind makes it a no-brainer option for me to practice my DITA skills, but I much prefer tools such as MadCap Flare or XML Oxygen that I feel have a more user-friendly interface. \
\
Thank you for taking the time to review my writing samples. There are other writing samples in this repository that you are welcome to review. This portfolio is a working and forthcoming repository of my writing samples and ongoing projects. Currently, I am taking an online class to develop my computer science skillset from a technical writing standpoint. I shall add these samples on a rolling basis. \
\
\
\
Respectfully,\
\
Andrea L. MacGown\
}